Pig's DATA MODEL
Data Model - includes Pig's Data types, how pig handles missing data, and how you can describe your data to pig.

TYPES: PIG data types are divided into two categories - SCALAR types(contains single value), and COMPLEX(can contain other 
types).

SCALAR TYPES: 
  Scalar types are simple types, all the data types except bytearray are represented by java.lang classes. 
  This makes them easy to work in the UDFs.

int -java.lang.Integer.  4-byte signed integer
long - java.lang.Long. 8-byte signed integer
float - 4 bytes(note Constant floats are expressed as a floating point number with an 'f' appended.
  simple form 3.14f or exponent form 6.022e23f
double - 8 byte.
Chararray - java.lang.String. it is string or character arrya. \u unicpde chars followed by four digit hexa decimal value
  Ctrl-A is \u0001. \t for tab, \n for Return. constant chararrays are quoted in single quotes. e.g 'fred'

BYTEARRAY - a blob or array of bytes. are represented in interfaces by JAVA class DATABYTEARRAY that wraps a Java byte[].
  There is no way to specify a constant bytearray.

Complex Types :
  We have 3 complex data types- MAPS, TUPLES, BAGS. all of these can contain any type of data , including complex types.
  so we can have a map where the value field is a bag, this bag contains a tuple ,field of this tuple is a map.

---------------------
MAP - PG 24
  MAP in pig is - chararray TO data element mapping. element is any pig type(complex or simple). chararray is called a key 
  used as an index to find the data element referred to as the value. 
  Because pig does not know the type of the value, it will assume it as binary - see the section CASTS on how you can 
  cast the byte array.
  you can have values of diff types. e.g name as key value 'abc' and age as key and 20 as value.
  but you can declare all values to be of same type from 0.90. in this way pig can avoid runtime type casting.
  
  Map is represented as  [ 'name'#'bob', 'age'#55]  - 
    Brackets to delimit MAP, 
    Hash between keys and values and 
    a comma between key-value pairs
  TUPLE - is a fixed length, ordered collection of Pig data elements. 
  (ORDERED collection means you can access the fields by position)
  Tuples are devided into fields, each field contains one data element. these elements can be different types..
  Tuple is analogous to a row in SQL, fields are like SQL columns.
  Tuple may or may not have schema associated with it. if schema is associated, it allows pig to check the data in the
  tuple is what the user expects and schema also allows users to referece the fields of tuple by name.
  E.G ('bob',55)  - tuple constants use paranthesis to indicate the tuple and commas to delimit fields in the tuple.
  the above is touple with two fields.

BAG - it is an unordered collection of typles - 
  because it has no order, it is not possible to reference tuples in a bag by position.
  like tuples, a bag may or may not have a schema.
  {('bob',55),('sally', 52), ('john', 25)} - bag constant. tuples are enclosed using braces, with tuples in bag are 
  separated by commas. Here we have 3 tuples each with two fields.
  
Note : Bag is the one type in pig that is not required to fit into memory. while grouping collections, bags are used to 
store these grouped collections and they become quite large. Pig has the ability to spill bags to disk when necessary, 
keeping only partial sections of a bag in memory. size of the bat is limited to amount of local disk available for
spilling the bag.

To determine howmuch memory you need in Pig to hold all your data(e.g in a join that needs to hold a hash table in memory),
you may need as a rule of thumb, FOUR times as much memory it does disk to represent the uncompressed data.
This is because, all values are represented as Java types in memory, which will have additional overhead.

NULLS :
  Data of any type can be null. Nulls in pig are treated same as SQL, which is completely diff from the concept of nulls in 
  C,Java, Python etc. In pig null means Unknown.this mighg be because of data is missing, an error occured in processing etc.
  but in most pgm languages, null means when a value is unset or does not point to a valid address or object.
  this is diff concept.
  You need to keep this in mind when writing UDFs and Pig latin scripts.
  
PG-27
SCHEMAS : pig has a very relaxed attitude when comes to schemas. this is a consequence of pigs philosophy of eating anyting.
If schema is available, pig makes use of it for upfront error checking and for optimization. 
If not available, pig still process the data, by making the best guesses it can based on how the script treats the data. 
1)first we see HOW you can communicate the schema to PIG.
2)second we examine how pig handles the case where you do not provide it with the schema.

  Easiest way to communicate the schema of your data to pig is to Explicitly tell Pig what it is when you load the data.

  e.g dividends= load 'NYSE_dividends' as (exchange:chararray,symbol:chararray, date:chararray,dividend:float);
  
  pig now expects your data to have four fields, when more fields are there , extrafields will be truncated. 
  if less fields then pad the end of the record with nulls.
  
  you can specify the schema without data types. in this case all are assumed bytearrays.
  dividends = load 'NYSE_dividends' as (exchange, symbol, date, dividend);
  ------------------
  PG - 28 Schema Syntax
  data type - syntax - example
  -------------------------------
  int - int - as (a:int) , similarly long,float,double, chararray,bytearray.
  map - map[] or map[type] if given type, here all values of maps will of this type - as (a:map[],b:map[int])
  tuple - tuple() or typle(list_of_fileds) here list of fields are comma separated list of field declaratations.
    - as (a:tuple(),b:tuple(x:int,y:int))
  Bag - Bag{} or bag{t:(list_of_fields)}, here list of fields is comma separated list of field declarations.
    NOTE- here oddly, the tuple inside the bag must have a name t,eventhoug we will never be able to access that 
    tuple t directly
    - as (a:bag{}, b:bag{t:(x:int,y:int)})
    
    you no need to declare the schema upfront. but production systems that run over the same data every hour or every day ,
    this run time declaration of schema has some drawnbacks. 
    whenever your data changes, you have to change your pig latin. it is ok for 5 columns but it is painful for 100 columns.
    
    To address this issue, we use some load functions. HCatalog is the metadata repository where we know the schema. 
    or the data 
    it self have schema like the JSON format. In these cases pig will fetch the schema  from load functions
    before doing the error checking on your script.
    
    mdata = load 'mydata' using HCatLoader() ....
    
    When there is no schema specified at load time, you can access the fields by $ sign.
    daily = load 'NYSE_daily';
    calcs = foreach daily generate $7 / 1000, $3 * 100.0, SUBSTRING($0, 0, 1), $6 - $3;
  
  Pig does a safe convertion of data type. 
  PG-29
There are also cases where Pig cannot make any intelligent guess:
--no_schema_filter
daily = load 'NYSE_daily';
fltrd = filter daily by $6 > $3;
> is a valid operator on numeric, chararray, and bytearray types in Pig Latin. So, Pig has
no way to make a guess. In this case, it treats these fields as if they were bytearrays,
which means it will do a byte-to-byte comparison of the data in these fields.

PG-30
Finally, Pig’s knowledge of the schema can change at different points in the Pig Latin script.
We can load the data without a schema and then after foreach, the schema can be formed.
Pig can start out knowing the schema, but if the data is mingled with other data without a schema, the schema can be lost.
That is Lack of schema is contagious.

divs = load 'NYSE_dividends' as (exchange, stock_symbol, date, dividends);
daily = load 'NYSE_daily';
jnd = join divs by stock_symbol, daily by $1;
In this example, because Pig does not know the schema of daily, it cannot know the
schema of the join of divs and daily.
-----------------------------
CASTS : 
Syntax for cast in pig is same as in java.  the TYPE name in parentheses before the value.
player = load 'baseball' as (name:chararray, team:chararray,pos:bag{t:(p:chararray)}, bat:map[]);
unintended = foreach player generate (int)bat#'base_on_balls' - (int)bat#'ibbs';

Not all casts are allowed in Pig.  Casts between allowed scalar types are as below.(Table 4.2 pg 31)
Casts to Bytearray are never allowed, because pig does not know how to represent the various data types in binary format.
Casts from Bytearrays to any type are allowed.
Casts to and from comples types are currently not allowed, except from bytearray in some cases.

Pig will always widen types to fit when it needs to insert these implicit casts. 
So, int and long together will result in a long;
int or long and float will result in a float; and int, long, or float and double will result in a double. 
There are no implicit casts between numeric types and chararrays or other types.
----------------------------------
PG 32 -
Strongly typed Vs Weakly typed languages:
In a strongly typed computer language (e.g., Java), the user must declare up front thetype for all variables. 
In weakly typed languages (e.g., Perl), variables can take on values of different type and adapt as the occasion demands.

So PIG is what? 
For the most part it is strongly typed. If you describe the schema of your data, Pig expects your data to be what you said. 
But when Pig does not know the schema, it will adapt to the actual types at runtime.
we can say, Pig is gently typed.
